I will open the left 15 pack
I think it will be a little early opening, but please understand
I think that I will do without bgm a little bad in time, this time is my first time
I do not want to put so much beauty moon in the movie version of
Honestly , I 'm having fun with this brain bgm and opened Carla
In order to enjoy the feeling of opening it, I dare no silver m
But you might also either put the own half per tomorrow
I have predicted that there will be tomorrow, though
Basically I'm opening each time
eh
100 is no haste Toko Yolo such as the yen is ne scale of 1 million yen
I just felt this time there was less
So as not to hit so much
I usually go up about 50 million yen but I feel like it's hard to come out this time
If you do, there are a lot of small people or 1 million yen or 5 million cancer
Teru
100 yuan place and
Did
Even though there is Lucifer that Den-chan has been abolished
Why ah
Ben-Chan was abolished 1 million yen and the US military
It's Oh Genji and replay
10 million yen it is v It will not come
I will do it
I think I can do a pub comp but it is said that double eating does not come from the north
Can be
It has been
You have
Will
Oh came 19 of character in the end this is I am happy
Has entered
Well, a little Nde too has taken this about the video always I might be early
I think it's okay I think everyone is coming
But it is not sorry
Nde there is no time to sleep with through the no longer seriously when it comes out you edit from that now seriously
I 'm sorry I'm sorry
I think to take Hamou Choi slowly videos per tomorrow
I have a schedule for saas
I feel that say Na or retreat is Mandy Gardens should I look chest of drawers Well
me
Will do not come out with what to Pagyara car super arc furnace because it does not stop any more
I Victory gar
I feel awfully heavy in the width of Vittoria
Everybody laugh Mondazo if you do not exit at this
aw Week and the gate and do not come Queen Insoo
English 8 Getter Heavensman
Five million years old Rie
Well, this time the cherry blossoms of this time were blooming.
'M Some dare not introduce time
Yes Black Paddy alert after dn 9 Endbury
It was nice middle-end Yes Genji black door descriptor
web is super
Yes, I was also happy to see the green onion and the red lotus morten love guy
8-position of the mice black The Super that contains I am happy Nde do not have path
Gyarato I Ja fact Suparea itself this jet Blackie is about four
I wonder how many of them
Nde certainly're not number so
I Oh super rare itself has chat Konpushi even this in two
It's a bit disappointing that the victory won't come if you get 2 pieces with this
I Nde would have been ad also has quite to become
I was glad I had less rain , so thank you for watching